everybody welcome back to neuron Lyon
please finding my scanner plus had a fun
run last time let's find another
character for whom we have not done boss
rush you would you wouldn't you wouldn't
you wouldn't you wouldn't make me do
either apollyon or lilith alright you
know what we've been we've been starving
ourselves on these lack of Lilith runs
for egg V firm we got nothing on Lilith
I do not remember and this should just
be like a catch-all statement I always
make when I'm playing as a character
here I don't remember what the heck you
get for anybody in this game you know we
beat boss rush as Lilith's what do we
get
I got no clue use diaper you stink
that's like occasional uh stink lines
that might hurt enemies or like we do
poison damage when we touch enemies
maybe I am something along these lines I
think but I'm not completely sure to be
honest with you anyway hey excuse me
excuse me
there we go really with Lilith there's
there's a case to be made for E coli if
we can get some kind of invincibility or
holy mantle then E coli is like really
good but we're just looking to make a
good run you don't need anything in
particular there are things with every
character that work better for that
character than they do for other
characters in particular for us picking
up like a succubus or another
high-caliber familiar is very valuable
but mostly we just got to do what you do
as every character I think I lose sight
of that sometimes we got to play the
fundamentals properly you know choose
pay attention in the early game don't
take dumb damage and you and you're well
on the your way to the races this would
be an interesting run on which to get
Isaac's heart but I don't think it's
unlocked yet the only thing that makes
me say that is the fact that we have not
seen it on the new save file that was
bad we've not seen it on the new save
file and I would think that at this
point it's not a guarantee to say that
we would have seen like every item that
we had unlocked cuz there's a lot of
items in this game
and sometimes I mean there there were
periods in you know having a nearly
fully unlocked or fully unlock save file
where you wouldn't see an item for like
three months
just appeared to not exist not even
necessarily rare ones I've said I mean
think about stuff like the dollar that's
not really a random dice roll but still
getting an orbital is ok as lilith in
fact one of the characters probably most
incentivized to use an orbital
offensively as lilith not least at which
because the second level gives us a
third level every time we use a box of
friends but rather landing the shots
with Incubus is annoying so it might
just be easier on a lot of rooms to walk
into enemies instead and let this happen
again not asking for it not begging for
it holy mantle thirty touch that's that
was pretty nasty holy mantle plus thirty
touch plus keep of meat we got like a
lot of good mojo working our way if that
were to happen but we're not there yet
we're missing if I'm being real with you
the most integral piece to that which is
a holy mantle itself as of right now
that single Cuba meat is working wonders
for us trying not to get overly
aggressive with it but the fact of the
matter is that it's really the best
means we have to deal damage so most of
the time I'm probably gonna opt for that
at least right now as long as it seems
relatively safe take tractor beam it's
uh it's a weird choice because it's
actually useful for us but it seems like
it would be useless I was like I'll pick
it up and then all my shots will be in a
line well that's not the case is it
because we're shooting with Incubus
which is not affected by tractor beam
apparently which I should have known at
this point it seems like a relatively
safe inference to make however it does
give us the tiers upgrade and the range
upgrade regardless so something to be
said for that a plus two or to get in
this case I guess minus two tiers change
is really really good that is better I
would say by a good margin than the
average item
so I am not gonna look a gift horse in
the mouth there although with the full
run rear old if someone's got to do like
a mathematical analysis on this at some
point and show me but I'm assuming with
the full run reroll for a not full run
sorry if you have an item room with a
reroll machine on it the item you take
from it has got to be substantially
above-average to justify doing it you
unlock something from the future Steven
if you're an audio listener you probably
think that makes me a genius but there's
a picture of Steven on the prompt so
makes sense well you know what we have
our deal with the angel preserving
which is a polite way of saying the deal
with the devil was pretty bad and didn't
give me the ability to actually take
anything so we basically last floor we
got a tears upgrade it's not that bad as
I've gotten you know more experienced
and Isaac come to appreciate tears
upgrades cuz it's one of those you know
you don't know what you got till it's
gone sort of situations used to be back
in the day like the vanilla Isaac get a
tears upgrade you oh man a tears upgrade
I really wish that this was HP instead
but we were also so young back then and
so very stupid as long as this kills
like two enemies I'm okay it killed one
you know what I've decided it'd be okay
with that regardless but a single tears
upgrade is probably okay for one floor
but we're still looking to pop
relatively quickly here we haven't had
the best track record lifetime as
Lillith probably maybe my worst
character I think I overestimate my
ability with a lost I wouldn't be
surprised if I have more stats with the
loss than with Lilith and certainly were
stats with greed but that's those
characters even though the lost is
easier now kind of they exist a
different a different plane you know
it's like when you're talking about
who's your favorite Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater character I like Chad Muska I
like Bucky lassic I like rune glaive
I like spider-man Gerry spider-man
doesn't count he's a secret character
okay use your game shark to get him
anyway by the way if your favorite Tony
Hawk's Pro Skater character wasn't Tony
Hawk it better have been Bob Burnquist
I'll accept those two bucky lassic was
like an off-brand Tony Hawk rune glyph
burg what you Catholic
he had the Christ heir that's it don't
even get me stuck Chad Muska why you
like him cuz he Ward tank-tops all
except rodney mullen as well because he
had the sweet flatland tricks but he
didn't show up til Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater for so like at that point if you
haven't picked a Mane like what are you
doing with your life
I always you know yet you have to beat
it with every skater to get the tapes as
if by the way if you ever wondered what
it was like to be a kid in like the year
2000 not that long ago but YouTube
didn't exist until like 2004 so if you
wanted to watch skate videos what's the
most efficient way to do so well you
could drive half an hour to the store
get a skate magazine it might have a
cd-rom inside of it or something nah
that's stupid instead take an hour and a
half beat every single level as a
character in Tony Hawk's Pro Skater and
get a 2 minute video of them skating Wow
amazing that's the way to do it
did you add maybe you didn't have to
beat every level maybe you just had to
beat the final level I can't remember
I'll take Bob's brain cuz we are starved
for damage as risky as it is also very
very necessary at this point might be
the best way to describe it so got
plenty of cash you know I'm gonna take a
risk on the pill it's fine 5 cents down
the drain really a bomb down the drain
it's not a good pill
why are you so slow dirty touch like
e.coli slows you down not like scott
told us learn something new every day
that was good that justified Bob's brain
right there I had an order those always
Tony Hawk Bob burn kiss Bucky lassic
then after that you know I'm probably
like a rune glyph Burt I'll cop to it
Elissa steamer was last for me I just
you know I wasn't compelled for the most
part but I got like you know platinum
trophies didn't exist back then but
trust me thps one two and four fully
plaited if they did exist back then not
three for whatever reason I don't know I
am by three I don't know why I know it's
one of the few games to ever get a ten
out of ten from GameSpot but I was a one
two and four boy
and I owned underground as well that's
right I bought Tony Hawk American
wasteland tried to like recapture the
glory wasn't as into it
charm tears isn't then no fear mom's
mascara is the the fire rate improver
for the tiered delay reducer this is
just charm tears which is I mean I'm
assuming that'll get imprinted on
Incubus and it did indeed but it's not
very good unfortunately now again I said
on the last run I don't want to be known
as the guy who complains about every
Isaac run I'm gonna complain about this
Isaac run though cuz we're on the caves
too we're on pace you know I'm not
really that intrigued by doing boss rush
but we are lilith that's kind of like
it's a rite of passage Lilith is a good
strong boss rush character without a
doubt but our damage stinks dude where's
my where's my damage upgrade of any
variety at this point we're rolling
Snake Eyes over and over got a little
tears upgrade but apart from that like
just sitting way behind the curve for
where we would like to be now where we
should be but where we would like to be
at this point in the game
I haven't been to the shop E I need a
key kind of just you know we're in a
holding pattern and that's okay I'm
assuming this floor next floor by the
way we haven't gotten any HP upgrades
either and if you're gonna be salty
about not having any damage upgrades
that's one thing
not having damage or HP upgrades is like
what did we get well we got a range
upgrade blood clot is a damage upgrade
although not maybe the the caliber of
damage upgrade like you got a to use
upgrade we got a range upgrade we got a
lot of kind of interstitial stuff that
is not very valuable yet but could get
there one day I have a hope this runs
fine like we're ahead of schedule which
is weird because I don't see why we
should be but here we are and a spirit
hard to make up for the spirit art that
I threw away thank you so here's the way
I see this going you smoke the boss
you get a deal with the devil it's not
Krampus you get a good item doesn't have
to be amazing but you get a good item
you're off to the races Wow
we did get an HP upgrade but apparently
deals with the devil deals with the
angel they're on strike well I hope that
you get what you're after in the
negotiation process I of course I find
myself inconvenienced by your your
strike at the present moment but I
suppose that's what you're hoping so you
do that and then there's you know puts
the pressure on the Union and the
business owner to negotiate with one
another instead of just drawing the
strike out into perpetuity so you know I
did that's for the time being I respect
your right to peaceful demonstration for
labor etc but mostly like I really need
you to give me a deal with the devil
because like for real dude this is why
it's getting a little crazy right now
isn't it wouldn't you suggest you know
what no no here's where we're at I don't
want to do that room I'm not gonna do
that room I'm not gonna just skip
through every room that's madness for
this stage of the game at least but I'm
not gonna make an effort do a room that
leads to a dead end that you're on a run
that has no respect for me and we get
mom's bottle of pills
that's nothing dude one makes you larger
and mom's bottle of pills for all the HP
we just gave you I'm sorry for the for
the relatively feigned salt here but at
the same time we're hidden like Snake
Eyes snake guys snake guys I think the
snake guys is a bad thing immediately
I'm not sure well I'll do it Oh Lord
well like it's it was a really good
trade if we wanted a lot of bombs
unfortunately one keys I mean it's like
Alanis Morissette's ironic like it's
like 10,000 spoons when all you need is
a knife like we're
not really is interested in 20 bombs or
more interested in like one key two keys
really but thank you oh that was
actually like a really good get and then
a son card you know I I'm gonna remind
everybody I'm not really trying to beat
boss rush I would like to make it the
boss rush but it's not like it's boss
rush or boss bust on this run
we should go shop first this is one of
the very few times at this point in my
Isaac playing that I will advocate the
one key strat going to the shop first
sure maybe it could be greed and will
strike out but you gotta at least give
the game the chance to to impress you
that was so bad
but this is what happens like this is a
I would almost say it's like an Isaac
problem at this point this is what
happens you got base damage you know
forty minutes into the freaking run it's
not for him over 15 minutes in but it
feels like forty minutes cuz I'm hungry
rubber cement it's exactly okay I will
fight the boss as well we got plenty of
time if we do want to get the boss rush
and we don't want to get the boss rush
or that even more time this is good the
left hand is a is a positive get it's
not like the diaper was doing anything
for us we're at spending HP we shouldn't
be spending I'll level with you there
but we have a one and zero zero percent
chance of getting to our deal here so
I'm kind of I'm taking out a payday loan
on HP and though in the hopes that we
get something like semi-decent
around the corner here because who cares
if we spend a little bit more HP than we
should right now if we got some great
items coming around the corner well the
answer if you're like you know a good
person should be everybody but you know
we're making some shortcuts here we're
making some narrative
Evans's in order to get the season
wrapped up by the end of season 8 it's a
deal with the angel completely fine with
this well I guess we're fighting the
statute no we didn't have to fight the
statue what makes you small plus of
range up I'm going to fight the statute
nonetheless reasoning for this is I find
angel rums angel rums angel runs
intriguing but we're really the ones
that shouldn't be laughing at this point
because we'd really gain too much the
minors good getting more spirit arts is
good we might need the red hearts as
well so it's not necessarily what I'm
trying to get at it's not like it's a
complicated thing it's just complicated
to explain but The MITRE is only good if
you're not stealing red hearts to pay
yourself spirit arts like if if you'd
rather just have red hearts which is not
the situation we're in yet but could be
if we get hit fairly soon in that case
you're probably maybe not better off not
having it but not much better off as a
result of having it but we got spirit oh
it's early so I'm not worried much here
halos good not great but good and it is
the first time we've seen our damage
stat tick in what's felt like forever if
I'm being honest it's like the most I've
ever seen a strike out on shops just
item after item that we have no interest
in whatsoever I'm not gonna take us to
375 I'll probably take us to 370 and buy
whatever this card happens to be
made good progress on our donation
machine recently I can't complain about
that like maybe the exact optimal card
to get in that situation now we know
exactly where the exactly where the boss
fight is and to be honest with you I'm
probably gonna try to do boss rush
originally I was actually gonna go hit
the secret room and use that to kind of
get through here but I'll still hit the
secret room but I was gonna skip this
room until I saw that one bomb could
give us two spirit hearts and another
bomb could actually give us a red chest
over here it could give us a deal with
the angel teleportation well okay the
spirit hearts I mean let's be honest
that's the miter the miter is doing its
thing right now I'm sorry I was a
naysayer miter because you absolutely
proven your worth here I've always
thought you were a good item I don't
know why my brain not me my brain chose
that moment to all of a sudden become
like a little bit of a a naysayer are
you a wizard I'm excited that's not a
good one-two punch it's not a good
one-two punch at all
over a long enough time scale yeah two
cents sick now we want to do boss rush
over a long enough time scale the left
hand is eventually gonna give us copy
it's just a question of whether or not
the runs still going at that point okay
so do not bad timing bad timing for that
to kick in do not pop box of friends yet
it's absolutely pivotal that we start
the next section with box of friends
otherwise we're in for like four waves
of misery two waves of misery four
bosses of misery we're gonna make it
through we're gonna have an okay chance
at a deal with the devil dude if we
could maybe get mega Satan on this run
that would be cool as well kind of
redeemed the relative mediocrity of it
but no deal at the angel yet okay so we
got the Polaroid I don't know why she's
laughing when she's dead double Mongo
baby double mini monster Oh
I mean double mini monstro could do
could do some damage just had to make
sure we're letting it charge up but you
know it's not a problem you do that for
little brim every time
I expect this to be pretty annoying but
not forever the future is coming finally
someone let me out of my cage yet time
for me is nothing because I'm counting
no age it's that what he's spent a long
long time shoot shoot
nice that'll do
okay keep popping here no joke like
double mini monstro or like iterated
mini monstro to be more literally
correct is gonna have ridiculous damage
output
not to mention iterated Bob's brain at
least four boss rush I'm putting a bomb
- oh we don't have any bombs disregard
it's gonna say I'm putting a bomb down
there because I don't want to get a hit
in the future but you don't really have
control over that just hope that all the
Bob's brains managed to pop off before
the enemy gets too close I guess yeah
just walk onto the creep what's the big
deal right so got a third level keeping
meat as well I actually forgot that the
Kiwi meat was part of our plans right
now yeah
we're at least it's implausible that we
don't beat boss rush that is going to
happen okay it's probably gonna happen
however we do run the risk of leaving
with almost no HP beating boss rush with
Lilith is its own thing you know it
unlock something but we shouldn't get to
where it where's the boss there it is
we shouldn't get too excited over just
that because it's not that difficult we
want to get like the whole trifecta on
this maybe quad fact well I don't think
we can get the quad fact though cuz
beating blue baby doesn't give you the
online going through that like trapdoor
gives the unlock so if we get mega satan
unlocks we have to choose either mega
satan or the chest which we would do you
know dynamically depending on our run
looks but ideally Magus Aiden because
it's hard to finesse that
Wow the adversary ran into the fallen
and pushed me well pushed his laser beam
into me to put it more accurately you
didn't really push me into the laser
beam that's a new one
I'm kind of stunned by how mediocre this
run is even after like 20 box of friends
plays we might have to accept this is a
bit of a long shot but you know we'll
keep trying laying those Bobby's land
those Bobby's land those Bobby Bobby
brains walks right into it we might not
even be boss rush in fact there's just
so much stuff to look at on the screen
right now land the Bob's brains oh no
don't do me like this
the eyes do not belong to me which Bob's
brain is firing please be done please be
done comes be done oh we got something
and Immaculate Conception is not bad but
we never see it anyway telepathy is a
great item actually a great item we kind
of are chained a box of friends here we
we deviate from the box of friends plan
I wouldn't anticipate great results come
on oh of these two you gotta go Seraphin
but we're definitely like in longshot
territory we also had Guardian spearmint
Li and might have like tainted our
experience of Guardian spear oh oh well
we tried dude sincerely Lilith is a
cruel mistress but at least we got
something on this run for now thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did click the like button it helps out a
great deal and of course subscribe if
you want to see more in the future but
for now thanks for watching appreciate
your support and I'll see you next time